README.md, before:

# TheTeaShop #
Founded by Reginald Tan in 2021, The Tea Shop is passionately dedicated to tea appreciation and sharing our knowledge about tea culture.

We aim to share the health benefits of tea drinking with our customers and aspire for our customers to appreciate our specially curated tea blends.

Our 2 product lines allow YOU to choose between a strong, aromatic kick or a delightful, blossoming infusion.

_The Tea Shop is a mock business idea and is __NOT__ a licensed business and tea distributor_

[Link To Website](https://klystrn.github.io/the-tea-shop/)

## Website Pages & Features ##
- Home 
    - News & Promotions (Carousell)
    - Our Company
    - Discover (The House Specials, Bouquet Of Dreams, Tea Gift Packs)
- About Us
    - Company Description
    - Corporate Responsibility (Environmental friendliness)
    - Meet Our Team (CEO & Founder: Reginald , Designers: Dylan Chong & Yap Yi Xuan)
- Products 
    - 3 by 3 grid with products (1st row: The House Specials , 2nd row: Floral Fantasy , 3rd row: Gift Packs)
    - The House Specials: Earl Grey (SGD$19.90)
    - The House Specials: English Breakfast Tea (SGD$19.90)
    - The House Specials: Matcha Tea (SGD$19.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Bloom (SGD$24.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Reverie (SGD$24.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Bliss (SGD$24.90)
    - The Tea Gift Pack: 4 packets of 3 teas (SGD$179.90)
    - The Classic: 2 packs of 3 teas (SGD$99.90)
    - Bouquet of Dreams: 1 pack of 3 teas (SGD$69.90)
- Product Line (The House Specials)
    - Carousell of product line
    - The House Specials: Earl Grey (SGD$19.90)
    - The House Specials: English Breakfast Tea (SGD$19.90)
    - The House Specials: Matcha Tea (SGD$19.90)
    - The Tea Gift Pack: 4 packets of 3 teas (SGD$179.90)
    - The Classic: 2 packs of 3 teas (SGD$99.90)
- Product Line (Floral Fantasy)
    - Carousell of product line
    - Floral Fantasy: Bloom (SGD$24.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Reverie (SGD$24.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Bliss (SGD$24.90)
    - Bouquet of Dreams: 1 pack of 3 teas (SGD$69.90)
- Specific Product
- Shopping Cart
- Contact Us & FAQs

## Design ##
### Colour Scheme ###
- Pantone Orange Strong (#FF9E1B)
- Pantone Orange Light (#FBB03C)
- Pastel Pink Strong (#CEA190)
- Pastel Pink Light (#F4E6E1)
- Pastel Purple Strong (#9290CE)
- Pastel Green Strong (#99D8BD)
- Pastel Green Light (#C5E4D7)
- Pantone Black (#101820)
- White (#FFFFFF)

### Typography (San Serif) ###
- Larsseit
  - Larsseit Regular
  - Larsseit Bold
  - Larsseit BoldBold Italic
  - Larsseit Extra Bold
  - Larsseit Extra Bold Italic
  - Larsseit Medium 
  - Larsseit Medium Italic
  - Larsseit Light
  - Larsseit Light Italic
  - Larsseit Thin
  - Larsseit Thin Italic
- Avenir Next
  - Avenir Next LT probold
  - Avenir Next LT proBdCn
  - Avenir Next LT prodemi
  - Avenir Next LT prodemiCn
  - Avenir Next LT proitalic
  - Avenir Next LT proitalic

### Font Control ###
- h1 font size: 4.00rem (64.0px)
- h2 font size: 3.50rem (56.0px)
- h3 font size: 3.00rem (48.0px)
- h4 font size: 2.50rem (40.0px)
- h5 font size: 2.00rem (32.0px)
- h6 font size: 1.50rem (24.0px)
- normal font size: 1.20rem (19.2px)
- small font size: 1.00rem (16.0px)
- smaller font size: 0.80rem (12.8px)

- font medium: 500px
- font semi bold: 650px

- heading font: 'Larsseit Bold', sans-serif
- body font: 'Avenir Next lt Proregular', sans-serif

## Products ###
- The House Specials
    - Earl Grey
    - Matcha
    - English Breakfast Tea
    - The Classic Tea Gift Pack (3 packs - 1 of each)
    - The Tea Gift Pack (12 packs - 4 of each)
- Floral Fantasy
    - Reverie (Lavender, Earl grey)
    - Bloom (Rosehip, Rose Petals, Lemon Balm)
    - Bliss (Linden Flowers, Vanilla)
    - Bouquet Of Dreams (3 packs - 1 of each)

## Special Features ##
1. Lorem ipsum

## Technologies Used ##
1. HTML, CSS
2. JavaScript
3. Adobe XD
5. Visual Studio Code
6. Webfont Generator

## Process ##
1. 7th November 2022 
    - Obtained & organised necessary assets (product renders, logos, colour scheme)
    - Planned pages necessary for the website
2. 19th November 2022 
    - Brainstormed for additional ideas
    - Begun working on the wireframe for this website
3. 20th November 2022
    - Set-up necessary folders and GitHub repository
    - Published website to GitHub Pages under my personal GitHub domain (klystrn.github.io)
    - Finished prototyping with Adobe XD
    - Begun working on source code
4. 21st November 2022
    - Initialised CSS variables
    - Begun working on home page for website
5. 26th November 2022
    - Improved README.md
    - Cleared and organised assets
    - Finished [website content write-ups](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d6IgJQ8PTTlHzXS34N_w7H7b1kIVKdQYW_S_QW0H-C4/edit?usp=sharing)
    - Researched on website components (navigation bar, footer, carousel page)
6. 28th November 2022
    - Added AboutUs.html, ContactUs.html, FloralFantasy.html, ProductCatologue.html, ShoppingCart.html, TheHouseSpecials.html
    - Worked on navigation bar
    - Added a hamburger navigation menu
    - Fixed a bug regarding the importing of custom font "avenir next"
    - Fixed margins on home page promotions section
    - Imported unicons iconscount into index.html
7. 29th November 2022
    - 

## Credits ##
### Acknowledgements ###
1. Thank you to Dylan Chong & Yap Yi Xuan for producing the renders and collaborating with me on this mock business idea

### Media ###
1. Dylan Chong (The House Specials, Logo)
2. Yap Yi Xuan (Floral Fantasy)

### Links & Resources ###
1. [Google Drive with Resources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13vooJVxHxvgy7HY4ICl3ov6qTbnIKLM5?usp=sharing)
2. [Fonts](https://www.fontsquirrel.com)
3. [What is Organic Tea?](https://frasertea.com/blogs/explore/what-is-organic-tea#:~:text=Organic%20Teas%20use%20no%20chemicals,sticky%20bug%20catchers%20pictured%20below.)
4. [Environmentally-friendly Packaging](https://noissue.co/blog/environmentally-friendly-packaging-materials/)
5. [CSS-Clip Path](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/clip-path)
6. [Fullscreen Overlay Navigation Menu Bar using only HTML & CSS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjkvYWSVpCY)

Commit message:

Commit 2.4
- Fixed social media icons in footer
- Added responsiveness
- Restructured website pages
- Removed "Larsseit" font
- Added Poppins font from Google Fonts
- Finished home page

README.md, after:

# TheTeaShop #
Founded by Reginald Tan in 2021, The Tea Shop is passionately dedicated to tea appreciation and sharing our knowledge about tea culture.

We aim to share the health benefits of tea drinking with our customers and aspire for our customers to appreciate our specially curated tea blends.

Our 2 product lines allow YOU to choose between a strong, aromatic kick or a delightful, blossoming infusion.

#### Notes ####
_The Tea Shop is a mock business idea and is __NOT__ a licensed business and tea distributor_
_Please note that due to the large asset file size, the website takes longer to load_

[Link To Website](https://klystrn.github.io/the-tea-shop/)

## Website Pages & Features ##
### Pages ###
- Home 
    - News & Promotions (Carousell)
    - Our Company
    - Discover (The House Specials, Bouquet Of Dreams, Tea Gift Packs)
- About Us
    - Company Description
    - Corporate Responsibility (Environmental friendliness)
    - Meet Our Team (CEO & Founder: Reginald , Designers: Dylan Chong & Yap Yi Xuan)
- Product Catalogue
    - 3 by 3 grid with products (1st row: The House Specials , 2nd row: Floral Fantasy , 3rd row: Gift Packs)
    - The House Specials: Earl Grey (SGD$19.90)
    - The House Specials: English Breakfast Tea (SGD$19.90)
    - The House Specials: Matcha Tea (SGD$19.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Bloom (SGD$24.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Reverie (SGD$24.90)
    - Floral Fantasy: Bliss (SGD$24.90)
    - The Tea Gift Pack: 4 packets of 3 teas (SGD$179.90)
    - The Classic: 2 packs of 3 teas (SGD$99.90)
    - Bouquet of Dreams: 1 pack of 3 teas (SGD$69.90)
- Contact Us & FAQs

### Features ###
- Animated hamburger menu in navigation bar
- Reactive social media icons
- Functioning Shopping Cart
- 



## Design ##
### Colour Scheme ###
- Pantone Orange Strong (#FF9E1B)
- Pantone Orange Light (#FBB03C)
- Pantone Black (#101820)
- White (#FFFFFF)

### Typography (San Serif) ###
- Larsseit
  - Larsseit Regular
  - Larsseit Bold
  - Larsseit BoldBold Italic
  - Larsseit Extra Bold
  - Larsseit Extra Bold Italic
  - Larsseit Medium 
  - Larsseit Medium Italic
  - Larsseit Light
  - Larsseit Light Italic
  - Larsseit Thin
  - Larsseit Thin Italic
- Avenir Next
  - Avenir Next LT probold
  - Avenir Next LT proBdCn
  - Avenir Next LT prodemi
  - Avenir Next LT prodemiCn
  - Avenir Next LT proitalic
  - Avenir Next LT proregular

### Font Control ###
- h1 font size: 4.00rem (64.0px)
- h2 font size: 3.50rem (56.0px)
- h3 font size: 3.00rem (48.0px)
- h4 font size: 2.50rem (40.0px)
- h5 font size: 2.00rem (32.0px)
- h6 font size: 1.50rem (24.0px)
- normal font size: 1.20rem (19.2px)
- small font size: 1.00rem (16.0px)
- smaller font size: 0.80rem (12.8px)

- font medium: 500px
- font semi bold: 650px

- heading font: 'Larsseit Bold', sans-serif
- body font: 'Avenir Next lt Proregular', sans-serif

## Products ###
- The House Specials
    - Earl Grey
    - Matcha
    - English Breakfast Tea
    - The Classic Tea Gift Pack (3 packs - 1 of each)
    - The Tea Gift Pack (12 packs - 4 of each)
- Floral Fantasy
    - Reverie (Lavender, Earl grey)
    - Bloom (Rosehip, Rose Petals, Lemon Balm)
    - Bliss (Linden Flowers, Vanilla)
    - Bouquet Of Dreams (3 packs - 1 of each)

## Special Features ##
1. Lorem ipsum

## Technologies Used ##
1. HTML, CSS
2. JavaScript
3. Adobe XD
5. Visual Studio Code
6. Webfont Generator

## Process ##
1. 7th November 2022 
    - Obtained & organised necessary assets (product renders, logos, colour scheme)
    - Planned pages necessary for the website
2. 19th November 2022 
    - Brainstormed for additional ideas
    - Begun working on the wireframe for this website
3. 20th November 2022
    - Set-up necessary folders and GitHub repository
    - Published website to GitHub Pages under my personal GitHub domain (klystrn.github.io)
    - Finished prototyping with Adobe XD
    - Begun working on source code
4. 21st November 2022
    - Initialised CSS variables
    - Begun working on home page for website
5. 26th November 2022
    - Improved README.md
    - Cleared and organised assets
    - Finished [website content write-ups](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d6IgJQ8PTTlHzXS34N_w7H7b1kIVKdQYW_S_QW0H-C4/edit?usp=sharing)
    - Researched on website components (navigation bar, footer, carousel page)
6. 28th November 2022
    - Added AboutUs.html, ContactUs.html, FloralFantasy.html, ProductCatologue.html, ShoppingCart.html, TheHouseSpecials.html
    - Worked on navigation bar
    - Added a hamburger navigation menu
    - Fixed a bug regarding the importing of custom font "avenir next"
    - Fixed margins on home page promotions section
    - Imported unicons iconscount into index.html
7. 29th November 2022
    - Finished navigation bar
    - Fixed a bug regarding padding on home page
    - Began working on footer
8. 30th November 2022
    - Finished footer
    - Added reactive social media icon links to footer
    - Added responsiveness for footer
    - Began working on Product Catalogue page
    - Pivoted idea from a shopping cart page to a shopping cart pop-up with an icon in the navigation bar
9. 1st December 2022
    - 

## Credits & Resources ##
### Acknowledgements ###
1. Thank you to Dylan Chong & Yap Yi Xuan for producing the renders and collaborating with me on this mock business idea

### Media ###
1. Dylan Chong (The House Specials, Logo)
2. Yap Yi Xuan (Floral Fantasy)

### Links & Resources ###
1. [Google Drive with Resources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13vooJVxHxvgy7HY4ICl3ov6qTbnIKLM5?usp=sharing)
2. [Fonts](https://www.fontsquirrel.com)
3. [What is Organic Tea?](https://frasertea.com/blogs/explore/what-is-organic-tea#:~:text=Organic%20Teas%20use%20no%20chemicals,sticky%20bug%20catchers%20pictured%20below.)
4. [Environmentally-friendly Packaging](https://noissue.co/blog/environmentally-friendly-packaging-materials/)
5. [CSS-Clip Path](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/clip-path)
6. [Subsequent-Sibling Combinator](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10782054/what-does-the-tilde-squiggle-twiddle-css-selector-mean)
